Add tailscale_service resource and data source (#658)
tailscale/terraform-provider-tailscale: docs/resources/service.md

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tailscale_service Resource - terraform-provider-tailscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

>   The service resource allows you to manage services in your Tailscale network. Services provide stable virtual IP addresses that can be served by multiple nodes. See https://tailscale.com/kb/1552/tailscale-services for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The service resource allows you to manage Services in your Tailscale network. Services provide stable virtual IP addresses that can be served by multiple nodes. See https://tailscale.com/docs/features/tailscale-services for more information.
```
